README.md, before:

# memory_game_project
A project on  Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree Program.

ATTRIBUTIONS
============

https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/

https://internetingishard.com/html-and-css/css-box-model/

https://material.io/icons/

https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/grid/

https://developer.mozilla.org/

http://jquery.com/

https://stackoverflow.com/

https://stackoverflow.com/a/2604459 by: SLaks

https://stackoverflow.com/a/16695520 by: Maurizio Battaghini 

https://stackoverflow.com/a/596503 by: moonshadow

https://stackoverflow.com/a/109091 by: John Millikin

https://stackoverflow.com/a/13183713 by: Chase

https://stackoverflow.com/a/1232046 by: Philippe Leybaert

https://stackoverflow.com/a/10481634 by: Larry K

https://github.com/daneden/animate.css

https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBQGl6zokMs



DEPENDENCIES
============

https://getbootstrap.com/

https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/

https://jquery.com/

https://popper.js.org/

Commit message:

Describe_how_to_play_the_game_on_README

README.md, after:

# memory_game_project
A project on  Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree Program.

HOW TO SETUP AND RUN THE APPLICATION
====================================
Just open index.html on your browser.

HOW TO PLAY THE GAME
====================
Click on the cards to show the symbol on the cards.
When the clicked cards has the same symbol, they are completed. The symbols will still be shown.
When the clicked cards doesn't have the same symbols, they are not completed. The symbols will be hidden again.
Your mission to complete full grid.
Moves counter shows your current count of moves.
The more move, the less stars to earn.
When you complete the full grid, the game will show you your time and how many star you got.

ATTRIBUTIONS
============

https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/

https://internetingishard.com/html-and-css/css-box-model/

https://material.io/icons/

https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/grid/

https://developer.mozilla.org/

http://jquery.com/

https://stackoverflow.com/

https://stackoverflow.com/a/2604459 by: SLaks

https://stackoverflow.com/a/16695520 by: Maurizio Battaghini 

https://stackoverflow.com/a/596503 by: moonshadow

https://stackoverflow.com/a/109091 by: John Millikin

https://stackoverflow.com/a/13183713 by: Chase

https://stackoverflow.com/a/1232046 by: Philippe Leybaert

https://stackoverflow.com/a/10481634 by: Larry K

https://github.com/daneden/animate.css

https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBQGl6zokMs



DEPENDENCIES
============

https://getbootstrap.com/

https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/

https://jquery.com/

https://popper.js.org/
